what's up Mike Clifford going to teach
you how to do a pressure flip old-school
style alright so do the pressure flip
you're going to want to be riding in a
straight path okay get your balance and
put your feet something like this make
sure your big toes still on maybe a
little bit of your middle toe to kind of
got it around it's a scoop trick it's a
pop shove-it but with a scoop under this
front foot right here this left foot if
you're rotting regular it's not doing
anything but jumping out of the way and
the back foot is doing all the work
you're going to scoop in it's going to
create pressure when you push on it this
leg comes up scoop it flip around
things that can go wrong there's the
classic flip and then this thing here
the wreckage you don't want that
happening you might accidentally want to
flick your foot like a kickflip fuuck
clipping just try and raise it up just
try and jump straight up not use that
it's really about it I mean that's all
can really go wrong this you know you
know got to put forth effort to focus
effort in focus and visualize the trick
visualizes skateboard going underneath
and you landing on it so do that you
should be good and that's how you do a
pressure flow that's how you do a
pressure flow cool Mike see
this way now I'll see you later Mariah